---
title: "Week 5 Overview"
date: 2024-03-10
categories:
  - Blog (English)
tags:
  - Analytics
  - Documentation
  - RADI
  - Nvidia
---

During this fifth week, I had my first assigned tasks within the Unibotics platform.

To begin with, I identified a flaw in the local deployment (D1) of the platform, which involved an issue in one of the user menu options called 'Analytics'. This option was supposed to redirect to the web application where the platform's Dash technology-based graphs are visualized. However, the flaw was that it redirected to the production deployment (D3) of the application even when in local deployment (D1).

Therefore, I was tasked with finding a solution to this issue by opening an issue within the platform's GitHub repository. After investigating the problem, I proposed a temporary solution, which involved changing the target URL within the button code to the local deployment graphics application.

Subsequently, I uploaded this solution and added this information to the documentation so that developers could make the change in their local systems. This approach was chosen to avoid potential issues if the code was changed directly within the repository, which could potentially disrupt the production deployment (D3) of the platform.

Finally, towards the end of the week, after completing the previous task, I was introduced to a problem within the platform's engine responsible for executing the necessary components for various robotics exercises, RADI. This engine utilizes two different versions: RADI 3 and RADI 4. The problem was observed in RADI 4 with Nvidia graphics acceleration, where the Gazebo simulator executed within it resulted in a black screen, hindering the visualization of the simulated exercise. Consequently, I began researching the issue.